So in the last lecture I challenge you to retrieve the data from the model and show a little preview
of the data in our place component.
Let's now do it together in the emblazed typescript file.
I'm interested in the data we get back from the modal.
We do open the model here in on open map.
So here I want to listen or I want to add you on that dismiss method and add a function which should
get executed once the model gets dismissed.
Here I will receive some data and this data will actually be an object holding my location so I can
simply check if we did get some data because we won't get any if we just click abort and close the mode
without passing data.
But if we did receive data if we do have an object we know that it will hold our location therefore
we can then set the location stored in the at place component dislocation which I said to the Stiefel
location at the beginning.
We can now set it to our real location with data location because again keep in mind in the motile when
clicking to confirm button we pass back an object which has its location property which stores the location
chosen by the user.
And this is exactly what I'm extracting here.
Does location property.
So I'm storing where I'm retrieving my location.
And with that I now want to display a snippet preview of the location which was chosen I could check
if location is set but it's set for right from the beginning.
And maybe you want to show this preview but maybe you don't want to do this.
So here at number property location is said to indicate that the user actually chose a location now.
We're not just using the default location and not set this to fall initially.
Well now we know it wasn't chosen by the user.
So now I can say that location is set to true.
And with this we're now able to switch between the user did something and we're just doing the default.
Now we know wants to use or did indeed choose a location so we can now go back to the place age html
file to the template and output the location here and select the place placeholder and then to get rid
of this paragraph and now instead I'll add the Google Map package.
Again this component and here I want to bind the properties you already know how to bind them deep latitude
to bind to location let d long it's used to bind this to location long and also does some factor I like
16 so I'll stick to this.
And on this map I also want to show a marker on the position to use Riccio's So Google Map marker l
at this component here to and ask for on this component.
I'm going to buy 90 latitude and this will also be bound to location latitude because I want to add
the marker in the center of the map because this is what the user chose right location long itude here.
And with that that's all fine.
Now I also need to implement some logic to only show this row containing this map.
If we actually did select location so I'll add Engy if and use my location is a set property which initially
falls to only shouldest preview if the user actually chose 1.
And if we're not just showing the default which was set up at right at the beginning.
So if Dad were almost there.
However I also have to set the height of this map.
This is something you can easily forget.
So here again we need to add as selector of this component and set the height to stick to 250 pixels.
Of course you can change this to your needs Let's go back to the G-mail file.
We are now displaying the map only if we're well if we chose a location.
And since we have this extra information if the user chose a location I can now go down to my submit
button and right now I'm disabling it if the form is invalid.
However I also want to disable it if no location has been chosen.
So the check will be expanded to check not only if the page was valid but it could also be disabled
if no location was chosen.
So if location is set is false therefore I'm disabling it.
Even if the form isn't valid or if the location was not chosen with all that in place let's save it
and see if this works as expected.
Let's add a new place you're selected on the map you see.
Cf. aboutness disable a lot.
Now let's pick a place now it's enabled and does looks pretty good.
Now the overall at this place pertness does able because I haven't added the title so well what's nearby
there guess.
D g portal Mexican Grill.
Yes there is a typo chipotle and I guess it's tasty.
Now with this added we could submit this place nothing happened Stehr of course notice displays of is
of course not part of this object of the Form object and it does need to be because we're storing it
in this extra location property in our at place types could fault anyways so that we're able to choose
a location from the map and showed us in our form once we did so a huge important step as a next step.
I want to start adding our first real native device feature the feature to get our current location.
Let's have a look at this in the next lecture.
With that we achieved a lot but there is one missing piece.
If we have a look at our app you'll see I now chose some location.
But if I now click on select a map I'm back to the default location.
So I might be centered on the location I chose here.
If I confirmed this it is adjusted to year and it's centering on it.
Here again we can try this one more time so it will center on this but it won't display a marker.
It would be nice to display a marker so that we can get confirmed without having to pick a new one.
Maybe we just wanted to see it on this map here again.
So that's something I want to improve on this app to also show a location in times where we already
chose one before.
So for not opening this for the first time I should say so in order to show our marker.
If you already have one I will start in the place page which is where we opened this map and here is
where I passed some data to the modal.
I will simply not only pay past his location but instead I will also pass is set and pass the value
of location is set.
So let me just put this in the new lines.
It's easier to read so no when opening the modal and not only passing the location I want to center
the map on.
But all of the information if the user did already choose his own location.
Well then with this I can go to the modal and here I basically want to set this marker.
If we already did choose a location because remember in the template offset location I'm checking if
the marker is set to determine if I want to show it.
Well so in order to show it I need to set it.
So here I will simply set this marker equal to this location.
But of course only if the location was set.
So here I will check if this naff parens get is set.
If this is true which is passed on from at place.
So if this is true if the user did choose a location any point of time then I will initialize the marker
to with this change in place.
Let's save this and see if it now works as expected.
Let's go back to our applet at reload.
Let's select that on the map.
We don't see a marker now which is good because we have never chosen one.
Let's not place it here and click confirm we see it here.
Now let's click select on map and now we start with a marker and we can confirm without having to click
anywhere because again we did already choose one.
Why would we need to choose an aberrated location just because we opened the page.
So this is now working as expected.
That is how we can manage select the place how we can do that using a third party package.
But now I want to dive into the real native device features and will start with geolocation which allows
us to automatically pick the location based on our current location.
So let's start with that in the next lecture.